welcome to another video where I explore
suspicious activity in runescape please
make sure to subscribe if you're
enjoying these videos the first thing
we're looking at today is someone who
found a pattern when botters want to bot
on let's say like 100 accounts they
often make or buy those accounts in bulk
using programs that auto create the
accounts incomplete tutorial Island it
turns out some of these programs do not
actually register an email address to
the account but rather just input one
without actually creating that email
address I don't want to get into too
much detail about the process because no
one is supposed to be breaking into
accounts regardless of if they're BOTS
or not but he found the pattern in their
user name and email address he then
could create the email addresses the bot
signed up with but never created
themselves send a password reset request
to the email address and change the
password of the bots account it doesn't
work on every bot farm at all maybe one
or two in ten but he showed me a couple
BOTS in real-time who is breaking into
as well as sending me some screenshots
of other BOTS banks for example all this
bot does is pick berries southeast of
vera it only had about 50 K in its bank
but what's also weird is it trained
cooking it seems like a lot of these
BOTS have been programmed to Train
random skills to maybe bypass
free-to-play trade restrictions or just
for anti ban reasons these screenshots
our bank accounts from sheep-shearing
BOTS because wool is about a hundred and
fifty GPE but what's also interesting is
these BOTS seem to do a variety of
different things some of them have burnt
fish in their bank and train cooking
some of them also have a lot of jewelry
from crafting as badr's learn more even
the most basic BOTS are getting more and
more complex and it seems like this
sheep-shearing BOTS farm also does a
variety of other moneymakers
this guy also saw a crafting bought from
trading one account in Lumbridge lots of
bars usually automate that process he
tried the email trick on that account
and actually got into the account
basically had eight mill worth of brewed
items and cash in his bank pretty
bizarre I don't know what bought this
would have been but this guy said it was
a mule of some sort it had the most
money of any of the accounts he got into
with 16 million cash in its inventory
also remember hacking into accounts is
against the rules and definitely do not
try it and now a word from the sponsor
of today's video this video was brought
to you by the ridge wallet as you can
see it's light sleek and industrial and
it doesn't fold or bulge awkwardly in
your back pocket now most people are
still using wallets
from the 90s this is my old one and when
it was full of receipts and gift cards
it was a huge pain but this heavy-duty
wallet holds up to 12 cards and actually
has a clip on it for cash as well there
are over 30 colors and styles including
carbon fiber and burnt titanium I love
it but there are also over 30,000
five-star reviews to back up my opinion
the wallet is so tough it comes with a
lifetime warranty so you could buy this
wallet and not think about how to carry
your money around for the rest of your
life the ridge team is so confident that
you'll like it so they'll let you try
one out yourself for 45 days and if you
don't like it you can send it back for a
full refund
so get 10% off today with free worldwide
shipping and returns by going to Ridge
comm slash sir putter use the code sir
pug or all caps the link is in the
description I want to talk about a
specific type of bot that has been
brought to my attention is almost
undetectable I recently made a video
called I hope these aren't BOTS showing
identical accounts with 200 million
fletching XP I don't know if those were
BOTS or not but multiple people reached
out to me afterwards and said they were
a HK bot H K stands for autohotkey
basically some people use a combination
of color recognition and mouse keys to
create BOTS scripts a lot of them are
homemade and not publicly available and
I also want to warn the people watching
this who are thinking of trying it and
not only can you be banned but lots of
people try to hide key loggers in these
scripts so this isn't just about Rin
skateboarding
like don't have your bank account
drained over this but a guy reached out
to me and told me about all of his
homemade HK scripts he claimed he got
200 million XP and hunter crafting and
thieving and got his friends 99 s with
zero Bane's he sent me a lot of evidence
to back this up the footages of him
catching red tin chompers with one of
his scripts I don't know much about
Jagex his detection system but Auto
hotkeys literally teleport the mouse
across the screen
I generally click the same pixel
repeatedly to be able to get 600 million
XP with something so basic is kind of
shocking but Jagex needs to update their
detection system soon when stuff like
this can happen he also sent me a list
of some of the scripts he uses some are
like three tick woodcutting and fishing
scripts which gets some of the fastest
XP in the game I'm only showing this to
you because you can't publicly get these
scripts but some of the scripts I did
find available have over 4,000 downloads
so lots of people are using these
another guy reached out to me with a
similar claim that he makes his own age
K scripts and sells them to his for
with basically zero bands this time I
wanted some proof and he offered to make
me a fresh level 3 account and send me
all of the footage of the account body
it was bonded for 18 hours a day and I
think on the second day it got 99
cooking he then bought it fletching on
the account and made it up to 95
fletching but the account was actually
banned at that point Boateng anything 18
hours a day is enough to get banned
pretty quickly and I'm surprised the
account lasted that long but that proves
HK BOTS aren't undetectable it's really
good to debunk these things but I have
been sent enough evidence to confidently
say HK box are banded a surprisingly low
rate for how simple they are I don't
think it's a massive problem in-game
right now but it's growing so stopping
it now would be best
HK also isn't just used foreboding it's
heavily used in runescape PvP to cheat
and gain advantage over your opponent
lots of people in that community have
complained that these cheaters are never
banned which supports the idea that when
HK scripts aren't used for 18 hours a
day Jagex doesn't catch a lot of that I
was finally sent information about
runecrafting bots there are so many of
these in game and I've been wanting to
see behind the scenes for a while this
was a relatively low level nature
runecrafting bought farm the first thing
that stands out is the sheer number of
accounts in the farm over just a few
month period including accounts that
were banned this guy ran 3050 nature
rune BOTS many of the accounts got up to
91 runecrafting and he would then sell
those accounts off for additional profit
just from the nature ends the bot farm
outputted it made three to six billion
GP over a couple months these private
scripts are pretty insane this same guy
also bought 12 million red spider eggs
back when they were 76 PP each for
roughly 1 billion GP total after a
relatively recent update they peaked at
over 1k each meaning he profited over 10
billion GP just from that single merge
as many of you know Jagex implemented
pretty strict free-to-play restrictions
to new accounts to combat suicide body I
made a video recently about a bot farm
transferring money by dying with rune
items to a mule account in the
wilderness to bypass those restrictions
after that video I've been getting tips
about other ways bots are transferring
money here's one example in falador this
guy found a few accounts selling wines
of zamorak to a general store he
obviously started buying them because
they only cost one GP to buy from the
general store but they trade for 1.7
the grand exchange I think the bots were
doing this because you can sell them to
the general store for zero GP and only
spend one GP to buy them on a different
account so it only costs one GP to
bypass the trade restrictions to
transfer over 1,700 GP to a different
account but just like the bots in the
wilderness
if a player stumbles on them they can
lose a lot of money so this guy made off
with over a few mil worth of zami wines
just from stumbling on one of the
transactions and in free-to-play that's
a lot there were also reports of things
happening like this in the gem shop
south of falador with diamonds and in
the mining shop in the mining guild with
rune ID or I got a tip about something
pretty strange there is a bot farm
training on sand crabs on the sand crab
island but on PvP worlds shout-out to
Dylan Trotter for sending this in I
checked it out and they were still
online Dylan said he killed them over
ten times and they would run back with
10k to get back on the island this isn't
the first time players find BOTS on PvP
worlds this one was probably on there
because sand crabs are such a crowded
training spot finding bots on PvP worlds
is pretty rare but some people also
mention that bots are spotted less and
therefore reported less on PvP world's
most BOTS are run to make gold but this
one not so much
obadah reached out to me and showed me
screenshots of a stack of a half million
Wizards mind bombs you can buy them from
bars around runescape on free-to-play he
basically runs the farm just to collect
this one item and sometimes trades
random people to gauge the reaction he
did mention though that the bots were
run for 14 to 20 days 24/7 before their
ban on free-to-play it's a really bad
sign when a bot can be run 24/7 for over
two weeks on free to play before being
banned this bot farm is incredibly new
and I just received tips about it in the
last few days in most worlds there at
least two to three accounts training on
flesh crawlers using fire strike the
last time I checked they were all in the
level of 50s some already had members
stats trained too I can't think of what
these accounts are meant for other than
something like a high-level mage only
Zora boss lot as usual because twitch
Prime's are out there is an absolutely
insane number of bots on every single
world spinning flax into bow strings
which Prime's could cheap memberships so
doing this is suddenly profitable for
botters and every single world has
dozens of accounts someone sent me an
email tip off about people that log it
in level threes and black priest gallons
in the Lumbridge kitchen he ended up
trying to trade them and they gave
100 K a bunch of wool and a varrock
teleport which actually makes total
sense spinning wool is one of the only
things you can do at one craft so that's
the wool it takes to get to ten crafting
to make bow strings the very ark
teleport is to go to the grand exchange
and 100 K is to buy flax for the bow
strings either these robots that were
programmed to accept whatever trade they
were given or they were lazy bought farm
owners rating away to whoever traded
them anyway he says on just one account
you can get a hundred and seventy-five K
per trade and be traded this 10 times
from these people when he finds them
online over the past months he's been
making tens of million from this bot
farm now even though I got the Fountain
Inn lumbridge disabled a long time ago
in PvP world because there were
literally hundreds of BOTS abusing it
there are plenty of BOTS popping up in
other locations to fill chunks of water
one is in fowler where they're a bunch
of little 25s all wearing the same thing
filling up jugs on every world at the
entrance to the s Guardian dice dungeon
there's a group of 4 or 5 muggers level
6 in a lot of free-to-play worlds there
are some accounts training on them with
bronze axes so definitely BOTS and I've
seen them here before is some more level
50 with that least 50 attack and
strength just from training on level 6
muggers with a bronze axe if you want to
contribute to these videos remember to
email surf hugger tip-off at gmail.com
I'm always happy to read wholesome
emails as well someone sent this in he
sold an orange dye overnight for 500k
Congrats man 12 years ago that would
have been Bank